New Concept Exercise Issue Template (#2314)
exercism/python: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-concept-exercise.md

* ### Exercise `introduction.md`

  For more information, see [Exercise `introduction.md`](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/main/anatomy/tracks/concept-exercises.md#file-docsintroductionmd)

​           This should summarize  the above document, with  enough information for the student to complete the tasks in the concept exercise.

* ### Concept `introduction.md`

  For more information, see [Concept `introduction.md`](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/main/anatomy/tracks/concepts.md#file-introductionmd)

​         This should also be a summary of the above document, and will provide a brief introduction of the concept for a student who has **not yet** completed the concept exercise.

## Representer

No changes required.

## Analyzer

No changes required.

## Exercise UUID

[please generate a UUID for this exercise for `config.json`]

one of these tools can be used, or you can use your favorite method of generating a **V4 UUID**

[exercism configlet](https://github.com/exercism/configlet)

[uuidgenerator.net](https://www.uuidgenerator.net/version4)

**Exercise UUID** : `<exercise-UUID>`

## Implementation Notes

> In General, tests should be written using `unittest.TestCase` and the test file should be named `<EXERCISE-NAME>_test.py`.
> 
> While we do use PyTest as our test runner and for some implantation tests, please check with a maintainer before using  a PyTest test method, fixture,  or feature.
> 
> Code in the `.meta/examplar.py` file should **only use syntax & concepts introduced in this exercise or one of its prerequisite exercises.** 
> Please **do not use** comprehensions, generator expressions, or other syntax not previously covered.  Please also follow [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) guidelines.

Author: ```suggestion
Code in the `.meta/examplar.py` file should **only use syntax & concepts introduced in this exercise or one of its prerequisite exercises.** 
Please **do not use** comprehensions, generator expressions, or other syntax not previously covered.  Please also follow [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) guidelines.

In General, tests should be written using `unittest.TestCase` and the test file should be named `<EXERCISE-NAME>_test.py`.

While we do use [PyTest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/) as our test runner and for some implementation tests, please check with a maintainer before using  a PyTest test method, fixture,  or feature.

Our markdown and JSON files are checked against [prettier](https://prettier.io/) .  We recommend [setting prettier up locally](https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html) and running it prior to submitting your PR  to avoid any CI errors.  
```
